Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
COLORS OF EVIL: BLACK
Haircut. what's up? How are ya?
Yeah. not bad. Small town. you know.
Uh-huh.
What caught your attention?
Running late. Bilski?
Yeah. Sorry about that.
Guess that makes two of us.
You getting settled in all right. then?
Uh. just about. yeah.
So they banished you here.
but it's not such a bad place to land.
You'll see.
Just lie low.
Do your time. and they'll forget.
DISTRICT PROSECUTOR'S OFFICE
TRULOCZ
You can only punish a prosecutor so long
for doing his job.
And maybe this place'll grow on you.
Who knows?
-Hey.
Did you go out last night?
Yeah. Saw all parts of town.
-Seriously?
-No.
There's not much nightlife.
but there's a ton of history here.
Is that a new case?
Yeah. Just came in.
Someone stole some booze.
In this town.
shoplifting's a major crime.
There was a boy who went missing
around here a couple of years ago.
Name was Adam Poznański.
Yeah. uh. we put a lot of effort
into that case.
Helicopters. dogs.
Searched all through the woods.
His mother remembers two days later
he's at her cousin's.
She forgot where her own kid was?
Why are you asking?
A friend is trying to close the file
in the provincial records.
but there's an error message
in the system or something.
It happens. You have to ask Chief Adamczyk
to fix whatever's wrong on this end first.
I remember Adam
was one of the choir's best.
You're religious?
More like superstitious.
I hedge my bets.
-Pink flowers today.
-Thank you.
-You eat those?
-Don't ask.
Is your daughter coming to visit you soon?
Tomorrow.
That's nice. She'll be here
just in time for the Harvest Festival.
Ah! You must be the murder-mystery writer
who bought the house on the lake.
Yes. Hi. I'm Julia Sarman.
Welcome. both of you.
-This is my son. Piotruś.
-Hi.
Elżbieta Pakosz.
I should have started with that.
but small town gossip. you know?
I assume you know those gentlemen?
-Fellow writers?
-Local prosecutors.
Mm.
What a cute boy.
Mm. Just like my Michał.
He's an angel. but very quiet.
-Mom. come on.
-What?
He made me suffer for 24 hours in labor
with his butt pointed towards the exit
and that's how he stayed.
-Piotruś was very quick.
-Mm.
Except I thought he didn't have a face
because a sac was covering him.
He was born with a caul. then!
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
You think you can just dine and dash?
I'll pay you back later.
My husband.
Excuse me. Chief.
-Got a second?
-Sure. Leopold.
How can I help you?
Do you remember the case
of the missing boy from two years ago.
Adam Poznański?
I do.
A buddy of mine who's with the. uh.
provincial police is checking data.
Apparently the report's not in the system.
If a file's missing.
it's gotta be on their end.
This isn't Sopot.
We run things right around here.
Tell him to look again.
Sure thing. Chief. I'll do that.
But Adam was found safe. right?
-Yeah.
-His mom forgot where he was?
Why are you asking about a file we closed?
Just curious. Chief.
His mother's an idiot.
She got more kids
than she can handle. that's all.
Right. Thanks.
Sure.
Warsaw's fucking finest.
I'm looking for the Poznański file.
but it's not in the storage room.
It's gotta be.
-I looked. It's not in there.
-You must have missed it.
I didn't miss it.
Then ask the chief.
He was the one who worked on it.
I did. He told me to fuck off.
The chief did?
Do you know
how I can get ahold of the kid's parents?
Bored already?
Ewelina obviously worships this idiot.
so. of course.
it's gonna bite her in the ass big time.
Such great light here.
It's a mess.
We had it built and I'm still unpacking.
Well. I'm sure it's hard
trying to move with three kids.
I have four kids.
Costs me a damn fortune.
Thank God for benefits. right?
We wouldn't make it otherwise.
My husband doesn't make much.
Thank God they cover our bills.
You have someone helping you?
I meant. we're covered.
What do you want?
Now. as much as they…
Adam is your son. isn't he?
What about him?
You reported him missing two years ago.
then said he was at your cousin's?
Yeah. so?
So. that means you found Adam?
Right.
And he lives here now?
-No. still with cousins.
-Here in Trulocz?
No. not here.
-So. where then?
-A small town far away.
I don't remember the name.
I lost the address.
I think I can get it for ya.
What's the cousin's name?
I don't remember.
Sorry. but how can you not know
your cousin's name?
This is my mother's cousin.
I don't really know them.
She's helping us.
I'll call you if I remember something.
Maybe
I made a fool of myself.
Someday. I'm gonna marry him.
Ewelina's a dreamer.
She falls in love at the drop of a hat.
It's sad and funny at…
Are you in touch with Adam at all?
I can barely keep up
with the three here. It takes all my time.
Do you have kids?
-Yep. I do. yeah.
-So you can imagine what it takes.
How did she die. Mom?
Mom?
Mom!
You're doing it again.
Sorry. honey.
Julia?
I'm Patryk Deczer.
We graduated high school together.
Right.
What a coincidence.
I heard a rumor you were back in Trulocz.
If you want. I can tell people you're here
and we can have a barbecue to celebrate?
How have you been?
You probably wouldn't remember.
but I used to paint in high school.
-And I kept doing it.
-Mm.
I just finished my first.
um. exhibition in Copenhagen.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
-Is this your son?
-Mm-hmm. Piotruś.
Uh. hi. Piotruś.
Uh. I'm sure your mother
must love having her grandson so close.
The move has kept us too busy
to see her yet.
I meant it. um…
We'll get in touch.
I'll put together a welcome party
with some of our old buddies.
-Okay.
-Okay?
We'd better get going.
See you. Patryk.
Sure. See ya. Piotruś.
Why don't we go see Grandma?
Because Grandma
doesn't want to see me.
What's she so mad about?
She never said.
But it's not good.
What are you thinking about?
I miss Dad.
Sometimes I don't remember
what he looked like.
Look at the horse.
I want to go in the barrel!
Oh. look at the castles!
-Bouncy castles!
-Hm.
-You wanna do the big one first?
-Yeah!
-Mom! I can fly!
-Down you go.
Wait for you right here.
Robi.
Hello. Prosecutor.
-Hey. Leopold.
-Julia.
-Nice to meet you.
-I want it first!
-Flip!
-That your daughter?
Monika.
-She's cute.
-Thanks.
Does she go to school here?
She lives with my ex in Warsaw.
She starts next year.
-This way.
-You're not from here. are you?
Uh. I got transferred.
-Watch this!
-How's it going so far?
Oh. I'm kinda bored.
You've made the rounds. then.
What brings you here?
Mom! I love this thing!
I assume you're used to people getting
nervous when you ask them questions?
Goes with the job. I guess.
-Does it bother you?
-Sometimes.
So. why do you do it?
-I've been wondering lately.
-Look out below!
So. why are you in Trulocz?
Mostly for research. For a book.
I'm looking into the history
of Kashubia. Kinda.
-So. Monika's on vacation?
-Yeah.
Mom! Can we go to the shooting range?
You should come to our house with
your daughter. There's a lake. We'll swim.
She'd love that. Thanks.
All right.
-Step right up!
-Hi. how are you?
You hit the target. kid.
and you win a teddy bear.
You can give it to your mom
or one of the cute girls out there.
Mm.
All right. Go ahead.
Fucking rumors
are true. I guess.
Julia. you remember my face. huh?
How long's it been?
-Ah. is that your boy?
-Let's go.
-Hey! Kid!
-We'll come back later.
Watch out!
She did this to me. you know?
A very. very warm welcome
to you all.
-It's always such a pleasure to be here.
-You okay?
I remember my first time
on this stage like it was yesterday.
It was when I started
my first term as mayor.
I was given some very good advice.
"Listen to the people. Fabiola."
And I assume I've done that pretty well
over the years
since you keep
putting me back in office.
Thank you. It's an honor.
But more importantly.
I would like to thank all of you
for making our town grow
into what it is today for all of us.
Your hard work and dedication
have made Trulocz what it is today. Bravo!
Listen to the people.
That advice was given to me
by my late friend and mentor
and father of our special guest
here beside me.
Mr. Marek Chojnacki!
Thank you.
Philanthropist. businessman extraordinaire
and great fan of our beloved town.
A few words. please. Marek.
Um. thank you
very much. Madam Mayor.
Um. good morning. ladies and gentlemen.
It's been a year
since my father passed away.
Piotruś?
-He loved our town and dedicated…
-Piotruś?
-…to helping our community.
-Piotruś!
Today. it is my honor to announce
the creation of a scholarship
in my father's name…
Piotruś!
…to help our young people
achieve their dreams.
Piotruś?
What is it? Is something wrong?
I don't know
what happened to her kid.
I saw that bitch at the shooting stand.
Right after that.
I went to Zagłoba's for a drink.
The bartender'll tell you.
I had a beer or two. and then I went home.
You refer to Ms. Sarman as a bitch.
You wouldn't be
keeping something from us. would you?
-Haven't you noticed my face?
-Of course I have.
-It's hard not to.
-It's her fault.
Her and her buddies
when we were growing up.
Really? I gotta hear this.
We were in high school. They beat me up.
They left me there on the ground.
-Next to the bonfire.
-High school?
-You mean she's from here?
-Don't you know who she is?
That's Julia Burchardt.
Our mayor's long-lost daughter.
All right. let's go.
Hey.
I don't remember the details.
Arek was working
at a resort by the lake that summer.
The Burchardt girl was there.
Apparently. they kissed.
Her friends didn't like it.
They knocked him out
and left him by the fire.
Ruined his life.
what they did to his face.
You think he wanted revenge?
He wouldn't go after a kid.
You're the organist at the church. right?
Not anymore.
I was the organist. I led the choir.
-How long did you lead it?
-About 40 years.
I had to quit last year.
It's too hard with the chair.
There was a boy in the choir
two years ago. Adam Poznański?
The one who was missing.
and then he wasn't?
Yes.
Our best alto.
So you were still at the church then.
Did he ever come back?
Not to choir.
Monika!
-Daddy!
-Hey. baby.
We haven't found him yet.
Is it possible he went home?
Piotruś!
They kill children here. Leopold.
-What do you mean?
-My own sister died here.
-She was abducted?
-No.
What happened?
Julia.
Julia. what happened to your sister?
She killed herself. She…
-When did she do that?
-When we were little.
Your son.
Could he be at your mother's?
No. No. he doesn't know her.
They've never met.
Maybe Piotruś found out where
she lives. and he decided to go meet her?
Is he here?
Honey?
-Piotruś?
-He's not here. Julia.
-Tell me where he is.
-I wish I could.
Believe me. I wish I could.
But I didn't even know he existed!
Piotruś!
What are you doing?
Looking for my son.
Some people just aren't fit to be parents.
Honey!
Piotruś?
So? Any luck?
No.
Are you the father?
No. I'm Leopold Bilski.
I work for the prosecutor's office.
Ah. Uh. Chief Adamczyk filled me in.
He said
they would start searching at dawn.
That's good.
I'm glad
she has someone to help her.
In case she needs them.
Better if she gets some sleep.
For you.
Here.
How are you holding up?
I'm sorry.
They said I have to stay home.
The whole town's looking for him.
Julia. He's gonna be okay.
Do you know something?
Um. no. but I have faith.
If you want. I can set up a Facebook page
so anyone with information
can get hold of us or the police.
If anyone saw something. they can
get the information to us right away.
You're well-known and you're from here.
That's gonna help.
Stay strong.
It'll be all right.
I had a major crush on you
back in high school.
But you were so lost back then.
It all came back
when we ran into each other.
I realized I still have feelings for you.
I love you. Julia.
What the fuck?
-What's wrong with you?
-I'm sorry. I misread the signals.
Get the fuck out of here.
Leave me alone. asshole!
I'll let you know when the profile's done.
PATRYK DECZER
CREATED SPOTTED TRULOCZ
We found remains
in the woods.
No. it's not Piotruś.
It's not Piotruś. Julia. It's a skeleton.
The remains have been there a while.
It can't be him. Do you understand?
It's a child's remains they found buried
during the search in the forest.
From the looks of it.
they've been there at least a year. okay?
Our mother forced my sister and me
to sing in the choir.
One day. she said
she didn't want to go anymore.
She lost her appetite.
Nightmares. vomiting.
She poisoned herself.
She was ten. I was 12.
Not long after. I saw a man who was
abusing a boy.
Abusing? How?
Sexually.
Did you tell anyone?
My mother said it didn't happen.
Church wouldn't allow it.
Do you know who it was?
Not him.
Only the boy he was with.
It was Michał Pakosz. your boss's son.
Monika? Where are you?
Do you know where my daughter is?
Uh…
She was here a minute ago.
-Where'd she go?
-Did you check the bathroom?
Monika?
Monika. are you here?
Honey?
Monika?
She's not in there.
Last time I saw her. she was drawing.
Maybe she's with your mother?
No. she left a while ago alone.
Jesus.
I only left her out here for a minute.
-That's the last place you saw her?
-Mm-hmm.
Where is she then?
-Where the fuck is she?
-I'm not sure. um… I don't know.
Monika?
Could she be there?
-Excuse me. I'm looking for my daughter.
-Is she lost?
She's about this tall.
blonde hair. Seen her?
Mm-mm. She didn't come in.
Do you know what she's wearing?
Monika!
Daddy!
Oh my God.
You scared me to death.
You can't just run off.
Never do that again.
-Ever.
-That your daughter?
Yes.
She said her parents were working.
I thought I'd keep an eye on her.
Thank you. Thanks.
You should talk with her
about running away.
I will.
There's a boy
who went missing from here. you know?
Yeah. I know. Thanks again.
-No more. No more running.
-Are you mad?
I'm sorry. baby.
I was so scared.
Yeah. hi.
No. no. no. Everything's fine.
Um…
I'm gonna need you to come pick her up.
Next time. we'll get a house
by the ocean. okay. honey?
Mm-hmm.
-It's not safe here right now.
-That's not why you called me though.
You don't have a plan.
You're not prepared for this.
You have time for this missing boy.
but not for your own daughter.
Let me know when you get there. okay?
-Bye. honey.
-Bye!
-Good morning.
I feel bad for yesterday.
I… I really didn't see her leave at all.
That's all right.
It's a restaurant. not a daycare.
I came to pay for her food.
No. it's on the house.
Someone mentioned you sang in the choir.
Yeah. when I was little.
What brought that up?
Did anything bad happen to you there?
It was tough.
Because we've heard
stories about molestation.
I haven't.
Nobody ever tried to molest you?
No.
Nobody
molested you?
No. And why do you keep asking?
What years were you in the choir?
Early 2000s.
Do you mind letting me get back to work?
The remains
were in an unusual position.
It looks like the head was severed.
then placed between the legs.
Animals?
If it had been animals.
the remains would have been scattered.
Not set the way they were found.
You're a hunter. You know these things.
We're waiting to determine
how long the child's been deceased.
but we think
the remains are those of Adam Poznański.
Wasn't he with the cousins?
His mother was kind of vague
on where he is.
We need her DNA. Maybe her husband's also.
-You've talked to the mother?
-Yeah.
-About what?
-Calm down. Chief.
To me. it looks
like some kind of satanic ritual.
Let's do research on
what kind of cult this could relate to
and go from there.
I'd like to look into the church choir
while we're at it.
I'm told Adam was a member.
He also went to school and the park
like most kids around here.
What's the choir got to do with this?
Someone told me there was someone
who might have been molesting
the girls and boys in the choir.
Who said that?
Julia Sarman.
That fucking lunatic?
She's been gone at least 20 years.
How would she know
what goes on in the choir?
It happened when she was young.
Am I hearing this right? Andrzej?
If we want to find Piotruś alive.
we have to hunt down every lead.
-Time is running out.
-It's not enough.
They might not be connected.
It's worth a shot.
Giving in to panic won't help him.
And I don't want to start a witch hunt.
Father Wojciech is a good man.
We need to be methodical.
DNA match. pathologist.
cause and time of death.
Question any local sex offenders.
psych patients. pedophiles. cult members.
You know the drill.
Right.
We're all on the same page.
Let's hope we find him.
A boy. about ten years old.
At first glance.
we have evidence of severe head trauma.
Most likely the cause of death.
The head was removed postmortem.
Could animals have done it?
The head could have been moved
by animals. but I doubt it.
There are indications on the spine
that show the head was severed by a blade.
Probably some kind of saw.
Something hand held. like a garden tool.
When did it happen?
A rough estimate is two years ago.
but we need more tests to be exact.
Hi. It's me.
You have a minute? Can I talk to her?
I can't later.
No.
I'll try.
I'll try!
Yeah. I'll make it work. Don't worry. Bye.
A łopi.
What's a łopi?
A Kashubian vampire.
According to local legend.
it rises from the dead
and attacks people to drink their blood.
Up until the war started.
it was common practice
for people to dig up local graves
and cut the head off the body
to prevent the deceased
from coming back as a vampire.
Like in the movies.
Thanks for the bedtime story.
Would you listen to me?
It hadn't happened in a long time.
but a few years ago.
they caught someone in the cemetery.
The church organist. Old Filipiak.
he got beat pretty bad
when he surprised the guy.
He didn't get a good look though.
'cause it was dark.
Why was Filipiak
in the cemetery after dark?
Gravedigger stuff. I assume.
He was the organist and the gravedigger?
It's Kashubia.
Here you go. honey.
You need to eat.
Please eat.
I saw a grave had been dug up.
He'd pried open the coffin.
and the body was laid out
with the head stuffed between the legs.
Like a łopi.
Mm. The vampire?
Hm. Like most superstitions.
it's never died.
Whoever it was.
the guy put a lot of effort into it
because it's hard work.
You said a guy.
What makes you think it was a guy?
I assume.
Uh…
But I didn't see him at all.
He came up and hit me from behind.
and that was it.
-I woke up in the hospital.
-And what time was that?
Sometime after midnight.
After midnight? Why were you
in the cemetery after midnight?
Security.
Someone had already started
digging earlier. but didn't finish.
Okay.
In all the years you ran the choir.
did you ever have any issues?
Issues?
Anyone with access to the kids
molesting them?
-Did you see anything like that?
-No.
-Of course not.
-You never saw anything?
No one ever mentioned anything?
No.
Fucking hell.
♪ The best way to scare a Tory is… ♪
Hey.
Usual?
Yeah. please.
No. wait. wait. They fucking
shoved his head in the deep fryer.
What are you guys laughing at?
-Ignore them.
-Extra crispy!
-Good one.
-What?
Ah. I love it.
♪ The best way to scare a Tory is to… ♪
Oh.
Crispy's comin' over right now.
Tell me what's so hilarious.
Inside joke.
He's talking about his girlfriend.
Yeah? Your girlfriend?
I could use a good laugh. Why don't you
tell me exactly what you said?
-We're just trying to have some laughs.
-I'm not talking to you.
♪ Just sitting here
Looking at pretty colors… ♪
So. what's the joke about?
It's about this burnt pussy.
♪ Mother ♪
♪ Fucker… ♪
That's enough!
Sit your asses down or get the fuck
out of my bar! You know the rules.
♪ My mother worked… ♪
Sit down. The beer's on me.
♪ …Is to read and get rich ♪
♪ The best way to scare a Tory
Is to read and get rich ♪
DNA TEST RESULTS
Mrs. Poznańska.
-Yes?
-Mind if we talk to you a second?
Sure. come in.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
I'm here to tell you
that we have the lab results.
The DNA you provided us recently
is a match with the remains
found buried in the woods.
Therefore. we are 100% certain
the remains are those of your son Adam.
who went missing two years ago.
I'm confused. Adam's with our cousins.
Adam's dead. We did the autopsy.
Which cousin is it?
On my mother's side.
Have you been to visit at all?
It's pretty far. In Brussels. right?
No. Adam's remains were found in
a shallow grave in the forest. He's dead.
But you said he was with a family who
adopted him. and he lived near Brussels.
No. I didn't. When he
went missing. I had a talk with you.
and I asked you
if you'd given him up for adoption.
For his own good. After you said he'd be
better off with them instead of me.
I asked if you'd sold him.
then lied about it.
You said he was doing really well there.
and that these people were rich.
It's my duty to inform you that lying to
a police officer could land you in jail.
and your kids can be taken away.
Did this man make you believe
Adam had been adopted?
What do you think you're doing?
Were you made to believe
a family took your son in.
based on what this man told you?
Shut the fuck up. Bilski.
Did Chief Adamczyk tell you
that your son had been adopted?
No.
You never heard that from him?
The poor woman was terrified.
Only because I told her she'd go to jail
and lose the kids
if she tried to bullshit me.
It's standard procedure!
It's intimidation. is what it is.
Andrzej. fucking help me out
with this asshole.
Can you remind me what you said to her
after she reported the boy missing?
These people are lowlifes.
They have no problem handing over
their kids for cash. I called her bluff.
She withdrew her claim he was missing
within 48 hours.
It all makes perfect sense
under the circumstances.
You wouldn't think so if you'd heard him.
You're accusing a colleague
of something very serious.
I've been involved in interrogations.
I've never seen anything like what he did.
You think you can say
whatever the fuck you want
just because the mob killed your father?
-You show some goddamn respect!
-That's enough from both of you.
We need to get back to the case at hand.
A boy is missing.
and time is of the essence.
Besides the fact
that he's the mayor's grandson.
Our teams are still in the woods.
What about the known sex offenders?
Rape convictions out on parole.
Three or four guys with alibis.
-No pedophiles.
-Double-check their alibis.
I'd like
to look into the lead with the choir.
-That's not a lead.
-There's a potential molester.
I'm trying to chase down any information
that might lead to finding Piotruś.
You really still think you can save him?
We don't have enough evidence
to be sniffing around the church choir.
I am officially telling you
not to go near it.
Hey. Haircut.
I need you to check something for me.
and I need it fast.
-Amen.
-Father Wojciech?
Yes. Would you like to join me in prayer?
Leopold Bilski. prosecutor's office.
Can we talk?
Of course. Mr. Bilski.
What's on your mind?
Did you know Adam Poznański?
His remains were found in the forest.
My memory's not what it used to be.
I'm getting up in years. you see.
Memory's funny.
I can remember things
from 20 or 30 years ago.
but heaven help me if I'm trying
to remember what happened yesterday.
And Julia Burchardt? That ring any bells?
We're looking for her son.
Do you mind addressing me as "Father"
when we talk?
I'd rather not.
I just need you to answer my question.
Julia… Burchardt?
I remember the poor girl.
She lost her sister a long time ago.
Long time ago.
Julia told me she saw a man doing
inappropriate things to a boy in the choir
when she and her sister were here.
He was molesting him.
Such things
didn't happen in our parish.
There were priests
elsewhere in Poland. uh.
committing such sins.
who were abusing of innocents.
but not here.
Thank you.
You're welcome to join us anytime.
Don't count on it.
Anything specific?
Was he tall or short? What was he wearing?
Did he have hair? Was he bald?
I don't know.
Did he work there?
Was he a priest?
No. I don't think so.
What about the organist?
Filipiak? No. Him I knew.
You know.
I was transferred here as punishment
'cause they didn't like
what I did on my previous case.
And the officer helping me
was assigned to desk duty.
It's boring as fuck. but he's got a knack
for finding discrepancies.
Recently. he was compiling data on crimes
involving minors throughout the country.
Beatings. abductions. sexual abuse.
Every town has some.
Except Trulocz.
Almost nothing for two decades.
The only case he found
was Adam Poznański's disappearance.
and that was some article on the web.
There's nothing
in the criminal records about it.
So… they're hiding things.
Exactly.
Would it be all right if I hugged you?
I shouldn't have done that.
You wear linen every day now.
or just for travels?
Good to see you.
-Here.
-I owe ya.
This case fucking stinks.
I did a deep dive
into the Poznański's finances.
Income. bills. etcetera.
Then I looked into the company that
built the house they recently moved into.
And then. I checked
the presbytery's bills.
The water and power.
-You know what I found out?
-I assume you're about to tell me.
All of the expenses
for the family and the presbytery
are funded through a huge foundation
set up by the local meat baron. Chojnacki.
I know who Chojnacki is.
We should pay him a visit.
Adam Poznański went missing two
years ago. and we just found his remains.
His mother says he's missing.
and two days later.
she remembers he was with family.
but she doesn't seem
to have ever met them.
Chojnacki just happens
to offer to build Adam's family a house
and pay their bills
when the search is called off.
Now. someone's taken Piotruś Sarman.
and Julia Sarman says
it brings back memories
of seeing a boy molested
when she was in the choir.
And who sponsors the choir?
Chojnacki's church foundation.
Which boy was it?
Do you mean Adam or Piotruś?
I mean the one she saw.
Did Julia Sarman mention any names
from the incident she witnessed?
She might not remember the man.
but the boy?
She said it was your son. Michał.
Marek Chojnacki?
-Can I help you. officer?
-We'd like to search the premises.
I'll just call your supervisor
and see what this is about.
-You have a basement?
-Follow me.
Grab all the computers.
hard drives. memory cards.
keys. videos. files. phones.
Pretty much every fucking thing.
What's this guy do?
He deals with pigs.
I'm jealous!
Flashlight.
Piotruś!
Sh!
Open this one.
Crowbar!
Piotruś!
Shit!
Piotruś?
I found something!
You paid for Irena Poznańska's new house
and you cover her bills. Why is that?
One of my father's goals
when he set up his foundation
was to help
less fortunate families living here.
Mrs. Poznańska and her family are
exactly the kind of people he had in mind.
Are there a lot of families
who've gotten new homes?
I'm sure someone at the foundation
could give you that exact number.
Is his family's foundation's
support of the Poznański family
the only thing linking my client to
your investigation into this boy's murder?
Did you know Adam Poznański?
No. I didn't.
This is a picture
of Adam Poznański
that is classified as child pornography.
It was found.
along with many of other children.
after we searched your residence.
Did you take these pictures?
-No.
-No?
-So where'd they come from?
-I don't know.
-They just appeared?
I'm recommending you be held in custody
until we find out who took these.
That's three months minimum.
I can't prove he took all of them…
…but they're my father's.
That's your son.
We'll need to make a list
of the potential victims from the photos
and start there.
They might be able to name the aggressor.
Chojnacki said his father
had a weakness for this kind of thing.
and the pictures go back
two decades at least.
His father was obviously
attracted to children.
Chojnacki's father is dead.
So he didn't take Piotruś.
You suspect the son. then?
Given he knew
about the evidence. it's possible.
but we searched his house and his plants.
and the boy's not there.
-So it's not him?
-I don't think so.
What's our next move?
Someone must've been helping
the old man get these pictures.
so that'll be a question
for the victims we can identify.
It could be the kidnapper.
And I'd like to talk to the profiler.
Okay.
There's one more thing. sir.
I'm pretty sure Adamczyk
has been covering for the Chojnackis.
They're cousins.
I'll put him on suspension.
Do you recognize this child?
Angelika Burchardt.
♪ Ave ♪
♪ Maria ♪
And this child?
♪ Ave… ♪
Patryk Deczer.
♪ Maria ♪
This one?
♪ Gratia plena… ♪
Oh… Arek Filipiak.
♪ Dominus tecum ♪
♪ Benedicta ♪
And this boy?
Do you recognize him?
Mm-hmm.
Who is it?
Michał Pakosz.
♪ Gratia plena ♪
♪ Dominus tecum ♪
And this little girl?
We'll go get some ice cream.
I don't want to look at pedophiles
harming children. It's disgusting.
I'm sorry. I know
they're difficult to look at. only
this child's been identified as…
As one of your daughters.
Angelika?
No. it's not Angelika.
The witness knows who the victim is.
We need you to confirm
because she's so young in the picture.
I hate to make you do this.
but it's part of the investigation.
Oh my God!
At first. your mother said
that it was impossible.
You wouldn't have been in contact
with Chojnacki when you were that little.
Then. she remembered
a group field trip you took.
Chojnacki gave you a ride
back to the hotel because she was busy.
That field trip
was the only access he had.
I don't remember that trip.
And I don't want to see the evidence.
I've had issues with intimacy
my entire life.
A blockage.
And that summer.
when I did those awful things to Arek.
it was like some dark power took over.
So many times I've had panic attacks.
Mostly related to sex.
I'm going to have to ask you
to take a look at one picture
because no one knows who it is.
Maybe you can help us?
-Do you know who that is?
-No. I don't.
-I don't.
-Are you sure?
It's your mother.
Julia? Where's my grandson?
Stay strong. Julia.
I'll. uh… I'll have to get
an official statement.
You gotta be fucking kidding.
I would've dressed up
if I knew it was a recital.
You too?
Fuck off. Patryk.
Fuck.
I've never done this before.
Do we go together or separate?
Separately.
Makes sense.
I'll go first. Get it over with.
The old Chojnacki.
that pervert controlled this town.
He funded most of the church activities.
paid for the maintenance
and outside workers.
and fucking paid my dad's salary
for playing the organ and digging graves.
Did you mention
what he was doing to you to anyone?
He threatened me. if I did.
Did he do it alone?
Or did someone help him?
It was just him. Far as I know.
How long did this go on?
Fucker left me alone when I told him
I'd bite his dick off if he didn't stop.
That made it stop.
Just him.
If someone else was there.
I don't remember.
I don't remember any of it.
except that I was really little.
Like four?
Did you ever mention
what was being done to you to anyone?
No.
Why not?
The shame.
My mother worked for him.
She pretty much raised me on her own.
I was old enough to understand
that… that she might lose her paycheck
if I told on him.
We're asking
if there's someone else because
it could be the same person
who took Julia's boy.
Did someone else take you
to where Chojnacki abused you?
On the very first time it happened
was when the organist sent me
to stamp some pictures
in the backroom after choir practice.
So Filipiak knew?
Mm. I don't think so.
Filipiak's very religious.
And how did you end it?
My mother went after him.
It stopped soon after I told her.
She made me promise
never to tell my father. so I didn't.
She opened the restaurant after that.
So now what?
Sh.
If the desecration
of the corpse at the cemetery.
the killing of Adam Poznański.
and the kidnapping of the Sarman boy
are the work of the same person.
then we are most likely
dealing with a serial killer
operating in the early stages
of a possible psychosis.
First. they fantasized.
then dug up a body
to perform their ritual.
and. finally. murder.
All that only fits
if you have the one culprit.
Paranoid schizophrenia develops slowly.
A person fights it.
but has hallucinations. hears voices.
has strong emotions.
And there's also a theme.
In your case.
it could be the łopi you mentioned.
but also. it could just as easily be
something from their childhood.
like a scary story.
a fight to the death with delusional
forces that threaten the patient
and incite them to act.
Where is it?
-Here.
-Mm.
So. from what you're telling me.
we should be looking for someone
showing noticeable signs
of serious mental dysfunction?
Yes and no.
You could be dealing with
what we call a paragnomen. which is.
um. a sudden shift or unexpected change
in an individual's behavior
that contradicts their nature
and might indicate
the onset of mental illness.
If I were to put money on it.
then I'd be looking for a male who's
relatively the same age as the victims.
Thirty to forty years old. at the most.
Is it possible this person
might have lived through trauma also?
Yes. Mm. molestation.
abuse or other violence.
tragedy. or major loss can contribute.
but the predisposition has to be there.
If it's a serial killer.
they're from here.
and they operate
in an environment where they feel safe.
If it relates to the łopi superstition.
then they're a Kashub.
If they're holding the boy
since he was taken.
then it's in their home
or a place they consider their own.
Which would mean Trulocz or the outskirts.
Do they think they're a vampire.
or would they be trying to kill a vampire?
If I could tell.
I'd be a millionaire.
This is someone in great distress.
mentally unstable and in need of help.
He could've been afraid to cut off
his own head so did the next best thing
by trying to prevent
a łopi coming after him. There's no logic.
Would it be
one of the children Chojnacki got to?
It could be.
but doesn't have to be.
-Someone who helped that monster?
-Maybe.
Although there would still have been
trauma that influenced them.
Do you think Piotruś is still alive?
The odds aren't good.
Please.
And all together now.
Get a team together and go through
every inch of Michał Pakosz's house.
Leave his dad out of it.
Piotruś?
Piotruś!
Honey. are you in there?
He doesn't have my son.
If I were Pakosz.
I'd fucking kick you out on your ass.
That'd be a good decision.
How old are you. Jerzyna?
Thirty in a month.
You grew up in Trulocz.
you're superstitious. nearly 30.
mentally unstable.
You fit the profile.
I sure do.
You searched my house?
Have you lost your fucking mind?
I might have jumped to conclusions
after I talked to the profiler.
What did she tell you?
A male who's Kashub. 30 to 40 years old.
possibly experienced trauma
that has triggered mental illness.
and may be one of our victims.
So now what?
We work on identifying the girl
none of the other victims recognize.
and we cross-check
all the Chojnacki foundation records.
Over here. by the wall.
Quick work. guys. Thanks.
No. all against the wall. please.
-Where are you going?
-To speak to the organist.
Help me out. would you?
Why didn't you help me out?
When he came after me.
Why didn't you ever tell me he was?
I was a kid.
I never saw anything suspicious going on.
He would pat you guys once in a while.
Give out hugs.
And you still suspected nothing?
After the accident.
he helped us. Arek.
You wouldn't be able to show your face.
Remember what it was like
when it happened?
He paid for your grafts and surgeries.
For your recovery.
So you always knew.
Arek…
Arek!
-Is your father here?
-Yeah. In the can.
Hey!
Help him. would you?
Mr. Filipiak?
She was in the choir for a bit.
I'm not sure what her name was.
Kasia. I think.
Maybe Basia.
So Kasia or Basia?
-A lot of kids came through.
-It's important we try to find her.
Was she there alone?
I think her mother
used to drop her off sometimes.
Do you know her name?
What did she look like?
I don't have a name.
She looked older than she was.
She was in her thirties.
A small little thing.
Worked at a slaughterhouse.
For Chojnacki?
If it has to do with meat. they own it.
Okay. Anything else?
I was happy there.
I…
I loved my job with the kids.
Listening to them sing.
I loved them like my own.
Did you get anywhere?
Check the personnel files
for every Chojnacki slaughterhouse.
She's the girl in the picture's mother.
She was in her mid-30s in the early '90s.
The girl's name might be Kasia
or maybe Basia.
That narrows it down.
We're totally fucked.
Any progress?
Zilch. We'd need an army
to get through all these.
Tell me more about that łopi.
Doesn't your phone
connect to the internet?
I like your melodious voice.
What do you wanna know?
Vampires make other vampires. right?
Is that how this legend works?
No.
The legend is that a child born covered
in an amniotic sac was a sign of evil.
The sac. or caul. was dried and ground
into a powder. then fed to the baby
to prevent the łopi coming to life.
Otherwise. they would
have to decapitate it
and bury it
with the head between the legs.
He made me suffer for 24 hours in labor
with his butt pointed towards the exit
and that's how he stayed.
Piotruś was very quick.
Except I thought he didn't have a face
because a sac was covering him.
He was born with a caul. then!
Mom!
I can fly!
He was in the restaurant then.
-Who?
-The kidnapper.
Julia was talking about how her son
was born with a caul.
But who was in the restaurant?
The guy with the dog.
He broke a plate. remember?
I saw him later at the fair.
He was guarding the castle.
So what? Are we looking for a dog now?
Who organized the fair?
I thought you would like that book.
I'll come back to see you next week.
You take good care of him. Basia.
Here you go. honey.
You need to eat.
POLICE
Fall in behind. We're going in!
-Clear!
Copy!
-Any trace of the boy?
-All clear.
-What do you mean. all clear?
-There's no one here.
But it looks like
someone slept in the basement.
Goddamn it!
-Did you force the locks?
-Door was open.
Stay back!
No. stop!
-Get down!
-Hands behind your head!
Target down!
-Piotruś?!
-There's no one else here.
AMBULANCE
It's fine. She's his mom.
-Piotruś!
-Mom!
Oh. my…
Mom!
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Comfortable. you sick fuck?
I asked you a question. asshole.
Nicki testified that
Adam Poznański's death was an accident.
Chief Adamczyk was
supposed to cover it up.
and Nicki was supposed to hide the body.
Nicki is the son of
the girl in the photo?
And Old Chojnacki.
She had Nicki when she was 14.
Then she was admitted
to a psychiatric hospital.
Unfortunately. she killed herself
four years later… in front of her son.
No one knows when his psychosis started.
but luckily it developed slowly.
That's why he didn't
kill Piotruś right away.
Otherwise. he would've been
his first victim.
Do we know
if Nicki was abused by Chojnacki too?
It hasn't come up yet.
He's not talking much.
We do know
Chojnacki took care of him somehow.
You mean financially?
He supported him. but never claimed him.
So there'll be charges
against Adamczyk
for his obvious involvement.
and some kind of cover-up
by Chojnacki and Filipiak.
I doubt if Filipiak and Chojnacki
would be held responsible in court.
Ah… As long as it looks like
we're trying to put an end to it.
What that man did to my son.
I'll never forgive myself for missing it.
I've been thinking about the missing files
regarding Adam Poznański.
I want you set up a search of Adamczyk's
residence to find those records.
Although I'm sure
he's destroyed them all by now.
That's what I thought too.
Then I remembered
that in some prosecutor's offices.
they hide some files
in the non-criminal records
to improve their statistics.
Not this office.
I checked
our non-criminal register and…
And it turns out the file
on Adam's case had always been there.
Are you trying to tell me
you think it was one of us who hid it?
Yes.
Who?
You.
Watch yourself.
Adamczyk's not going down alone.
He's already told us you helped him
cover what Chojnacki had done.
He's lying.
I don't think so.
Instead of protecting your son.
you covered for a pedophile.
I wasn't covering for that sick fuck.
I didn't know
he molested my son and the others.
We'll let the courts do their job.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-